What do you observe in the list of suggestion? Are there any patterns?
 Google
It's showing me the search suggestions based on Popularity and Similarity About the searched topic “Introduction to text”. And the suggestions were ‘text structure’,‘text mining’,‘text analysis’ Yes There Are Pattern
Structure -> Mining -> Analysis
In Above Pattern first the Structure of the text is formed After that it’s Mined and at Last Analysis is performed on the mined data.
duckduckgo
It's search suggestion list was quite different from google And the suggestions were ‘Introduction to textile industry’,‘Introduction to textile’,'Introduction to testing'
Bing.com
it was showing similar results, not in that particular order obviously, along with some other suggestions like ‘Introduction to textbook’,‘Introduction to textile fiber.’ The  sequence which was almost like  Google but it wasn’t as efficient as Google’s 
Which search engine's list of suggestion is better and why?
In ALL three, Google showed the most accurate results because The list was relevant to the searched phrase and Suggestion list was recommended with specific pattern.
Do all search engines return the same result?
ALL engines almost give the same result There was not any differences in the website 
https://guides.library.duke.edu/text_analysis
This  site were listed on top of all three search engines
Which site is listed in the top 5 results of all 3 search engines?
https://monkeylearn.com/text-analysis/
Do you think that the order of the websites in the search results is important?
Definitely, because the order normally determines relevancy by page popularity which suggested quality sites with good information on top that draws more visitors.
Try to find which mechanism / formula / algorithm(s) are being used to order the results.
Search engine optimization (SEO) has been playing a wide role in ordering the result lists. SEO is the process of optimizing online content so that a search engine likes to show it as a top result for searches of a certain keyword. When it comes to SEO there is always the search engine and the searcher. Beside SEO, Google’s trademark algorithm called PageRank is also used which assigns each web page a relevancy score.
